README.md, before:

# A1
![A1](https://cdsassets.apple.com/live/SZLF0YNV/images/sp/111912_mac-mini-2018.jpeg)


[Hexadecimal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexadecimal) in [MAC_address](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAC_address) from [freeBSD tftp test](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yU16qpnj5jo)

## [ASCII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII)
```
 33 21 0100001 ! |  65 41 1000001 A |  97 61 1100001 a
 34 22 0100010 " |  66 42 1000010 B |  98 62 1100010 b
 35 23 0100011 # |  67 43 1000011 C |  99 63 1100011 c
 36 24 0100100 $ |  68 44 1000100 D | 100 64 1100100 d
 37 25 0100101 % |  69 45 1000101 E | 101 65 1100101 e
 38 26 0100110 & |  70 46 1000110 F | 102 66 1100110 f
 39 27 0100111 ' |  71 47 1000111 G | 103 67 1100111 g
 40 28 0101000 ( |  72 48 1001000 H | 104 68 1101000 h
 41 29 0101001 ) |  73 49 1001001 I | 105 69 1101001 i
 42 2a 0101010 * |  74 4a 1001010 J | 106 6a 1101010 j
 43 2b 0101011 + |  75 4b 1001011 K | 107 6b 1101011 k
 44 2c 0101100 , |  76 4c 1001100 L | 108 6c 1101100 l
 45 2d 0101101 - |  77 4d 1001101 M | 109 6d 1101101 m
 46 2e 0101110 . |  78 4e 1001110 N | 110 6e 1101110 n
 47 2f 0101111 / |  79 4f 1001111 O | 111 6f 1101111 o
 48 30 0110000 0 |  80 50 1010000 P | 112 70 1110000 p
 49 31 0110001 1 |  81 51 1010001 Q | 113 71 1110001 q
 50 32 0110010 2 |  82 52 1010010 R | 114 72 1110010 r
 51 33 0110011 3 |  83 53 1010011 S | 115 73 1110011 s
 52 34 0110100 4 |  84 54 1010100 T | 116 74 1110100 t
 53 35 0110101 5 |  85 55 1010101 U | 117 75 1110101 u
 54 36 0110110 6 |  86 56 1010110 V | 118 76 1110110 v
 55 37 0110111 7 |  87 57 1010111 W | 119 77 1110111 w
 56 38 0111000 8 |  88 58 1011000 X | 120 78 1111000 x
 57 39 0111001 9 |  89 59 1011001 Y | 121 79 1111001 y
 58 3a 0111010 : |  90 5a 1011010 Z | 122 7a 1111010 z
 59 3b 0111011 ; |  91 5b 1011011 [ | 123 7b 1111011 {
 60 3c 0111100 < |  92 5c 1011100 \ | 124 7c 1111100 |
 61 3d 0111101 = |  93 5d 1011101 ] | 125 7d 1111101 }
 62 3e 0111110 > |  94 5e 1011110 ^ | 126 7e 1111110 ~
 63 3f 0111111 ? |  95 5f 1011111 _ | 127 7f 1111111 
 64 40 1000000 @ |  96 60 1100000 ` |
```
## [BSD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Software_Distribution)
## [C](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_C_Programming_Language)
character.c
```
#include <stdio.h>

int main(){
  char character='!';
  
  while (character < 64) {
   //printf(" %c %07b %x %3d \n", character,character,character,character);
   printf("%3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c\n",
    character,character,character,character,
    character+32,character+32,character+32,character+32,
    character+64,character+64,character+64,character+64);
   character++;
  }
  if (character > 63)
    printf("%3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c |\n",
     character,character,character,character,
     character+32,character+32,character+32,character+32);        
  return 0;
}
```
## [Drone](https://docs.drone.io)
## [Editor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_editor)
## [Files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_file)
## [Gutenberg](https://github.com/5eed1ab/Gutenberg)
## [htmx](https://htmx.org)

Commit message:

omarchy on Mac mini (Late 2012)

README.md, after:

# [A1](https://support.apple.com/en-us/111926)
![A1](a1.jpg)
- 2.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 (Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz)
- 16GB (two 8GB) of 1600MHz DDR3 memory
- 1TB (5400-rpm) hard drive
- 2TB SSD Crucial

## Catalina
-  macOS 10.15 Catalina, from 2019, is the last supported. 
- [In which month or year Catalina will stop to be supported ?](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/255619465)
 
## Omarchy
- time to try installing omarchy on it
- [The Omarchy Manual](https://learn.omacom.io/2/the-omarchy-manual)
```
curl -O https://iso.omarchy.org/omarchy-3.1.7.iso
diskutil list # what disk is usb?
sudo dd if=omarchy-3.1.7.iso of=/dev/usb_disk bs=1M conv=sync
```

## [ASCII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII)
```
 33 21 0100001 ! |  65 41 1000001 A |  97 61 1100001 a
 34 22 0100010 " |  66 42 1000010 B |  98 62 1100010 b
 35 23 0100011 # |  67 43 1000011 C |  99 63 1100011 c
 36 24 0100100 $ |  68 44 1000100 D | 100 64 1100100 d
 37 25 0100101 % |  69 45 1000101 E | 101 65 1100101 e
 38 26 0100110 & |  70 46 1000110 F | 102 66 1100110 f
 39 27 0100111 ' |  71 47 1000111 G | 103 67 1100111 g
 40 28 0101000 ( |  72 48 1001000 H | 104 68 1101000 h
 41 29 0101001 ) |  73 49 1001001 I | 105 69 1101001 i
 42 2a 0101010 * |  74 4a 1001010 J | 106 6a 1101010 j
 43 2b 0101011 + |  75 4b 1001011 K | 107 6b 1101011 k
 44 2c 0101100 , |  76 4c 1001100 L | 108 6c 1101100 l
 45 2d 0101101 - |  77 4d 1001101 M | 109 6d 1101101 m
 46 2e 0101110 . |  78 4e 1001110 N | 110 6e 1101110 n
 47 2f 0101111 / |  79 4f 1001111 O | 111 6f 1101111 o
 48 30 0110000 0 |  80 50 1010000 P | 112 70 1110000 p
 49 31 0110001 1 |  81 51 1010001 Q | 113 71 1110001 q
 50 32 0110010 2 |  82 52 1010010 R | 114 72 1110010 r
 51 33 0110011 3 |  83 53 1010011 S | 115 73 1110011 s
 52 34 0110100 4 |  84 54 1010100 T | 116 74 1110100 t
 53 35 0110101 5 |  85 55 1010101 U | 117 75 1110101 u
 54 36 0110110 6 |  86 56 1010110 V | 118 76 1110110 v
 55 37 0110111 7 |  87 57 1010111 W | 119 77 1110111 w
 56 38 0111000 8 |  88 58 1011000 X | 120 78 1111000 x
 57 39 0111001 9 |  89 59 1011001 Y | 121 79 1111001 y
 58 3a 0111010 : |  90 5a 1011010 Z | 122 7a 1111010 z
 59 3b 0111011 ; |  91 5b 1011011 [ | 123 7b 1111011 {
 60 3c 0111100 < |  92 5c 1011100 \ | 124 7c 1111100 |
 61 3d 0111101 = |  93 5d 1011101 ] | 125 7d 1111101 }
 62 3e 0111110 > |  94 5e 1011110 ^ | 126 7e 1111110 ~
 63 3f 0111111 ? |  95 5f 1011111 _ | 127 7f 1111111 
 64 40 1000000 @ |  96 60 1100000 ` |
```
## [BSD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Software_Distribution)
## [C](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_C_Programming_Language)
character.c
```
#include <stdio.h>

int main(){
  char character='!';
  
  while (character < 64) {
   //printf(" %c %07b %x %3d \n", character,character,character,character);
   printf("%3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c\n",
    character,character,character,character,
    character+32,character+32,character+32,character+32,
    character+64,character+64,character+64,character+64);
   character++;
  }
  if (character > 63)
    printf("%3d %x %07b %c | %3d %x %07b %c |\n",
     character,character,character,character,
     character+32,character+32,character+32,character+32);        
  return 0;
}
```
## [Drone](https://docs.drone.io)
## [Editor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_editor)
## [Files](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_file)
## [Gutenberg](https://github.com/5eed1ab/Gutenberg)
## [htmx](https://htmx.org)




- [Hexadecimal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexadecimal) in [MAC_address](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAC_address) from [freeBSD tftp test](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yU16qpnj5jo)
